Hello, I'm Princess Di
and I'd like to buy a flat.
What type of flat do you want?
I'd like a flat
that is close to my work,
because I work
in a playground slide shop.
Take a look, I think we have
one.
Do you like the kitchen?
Wow! I love the kitchen.
It's awesome.
Now the couch and the living
room.
Hey! The couch is gorgeous, I
love it.
Look, the double bed is
upstairs.
And a bunk bed here, right?
Yes. Do you like it?
Yes, my husband and me
plan to have two children
who'll be called
Federico and Carolina.
I'll take it.
I'm going to buy the flat.
Who will pay for it?
My husband and me will pay for
it.
With a mortgage.
Really?
Yes.
The interest rate is 2.5%
over twelve months
starting from the date
of the last payment.
Then the Euribor rate
will be variable, increasing by
0.5.
Final payment: 24 August, 2043.
Perfect.
That wasn't so bad, was it?
Now we all know exactly
what we're signing.
Ms. Aguado.
Oh, a black biro.
Do you have another colour?
- It's fine, you can sign in
black.
- Yes, I know that.
But it doesn't stand out, I'd
rather
a different colour from the
text.
Isn't there one here?
I have one.
- It's green.
- Okay. Great.
Thanks.
- I sign each page, right?
- Yes.
When is the wedding?
Soon.
21 May.
Done.
- Your turn.
- My turn.
Are you all right?
Want another biro?
Why couldn't you sign
with the biro the notary gave
you?
It's the same colour
as the printed word.
You always do the same thing.
In a restaurant
we have to change tables three
times
because you don't like the
lighting.
In a hotel you ask for a room
exactly the same as on the
website.
You're never satisfied with
anything.
- Is this because of the enema?
- No!
- No, please don't bring it up.
- But that's why.
- It isn't.
- Excuse me...
We'll give you some time alone
so you can discuss it.
- But we're coming back?
- Yes.
This has nothing to do with the
enema,
okay?
Yes it does.
- No.
- Yes.
- I said no!
- It is, it's fine.
We haven't had sex since,
that was three months ago.
You made me give you one
like a nurse.
I said I wouldn't do it without
one.
Maybe we could be a bit more
spontaneous and do it without
one.
- Then clean poo off the sheet?
- Yes, I'd rather that!
Stop shouting!
You're just so inflexible.
The world's most inflexible
person.
And I can't take it anymore.
María.
You can come in.
All right?
- Sorted it out?
- We have a question.
If you guys were about
to have anal sex...
- No.
- What would you prefer?
That your partner had an enema,
or got carried away by passion
and cleaned poo off the sheet
later?
No need to answer.
It's fine.
I need to know
if you're going to sign or not.
I'm sorry, María.
I can't sign a 30-year mortgage
with you. I just can't.
It isn't for 30 years.
It's for 25.
They just read it to us.
I have to get out of here.
I have to go.
Really?
Sorry.
We can't get the down payment
back,
can we?
May I have the biro back,
please?
PERFECT LIFE
Thank you.
WHEN YOU DON'T LET YOURSELF GO
Listen, I didn't take the pill
last night.
- Do I take it twice?
- Absolutely not.
Are you sure?
I won't get pregnant?
- Honey.
- Where are you?
Just leaving the meeting now.
- Hurry, today's the day.
- I'll be there in 20, okay?
Ciao, ciao.
I love you!
I love you! I love you!
Give me a hug!
Shit.
Sorry, man.
- Did I wake you up?
- No, no.
- You sure?
- It's fine.
- How are you?
- Good.
- What time is it?
- Ten.
Fancy grabbing some breakfast
together?
Didn't you have to get up early
to paint?
Yeah, I've finished.
I wanted to take a little break
before going to work, you know?
And what do you do?
- I work in a museum.
- Really?
Yeah.
- What about you?
- I work in a shop.
Hiya!
Welcome to the "ladies
with mortgages club."
We'll celebrate this afternoon
at Paula's birthday. We'll drink
a toast
to your new flat!
Gustavo has left me.
The bouncy castle people are
coming
at four. Can you let them in?
Yes, your husband told me.
Hello?
- Thanks so much.
- No trouble.
Sweetie, I'm so happy for you.
Love you, okay? Gotta meeting
now.
See you at the party.
I love you!
Love you too.
Hi, honey.
Where are you?
In the kitchen.
- How are you?
- Fine.
We have to rush.
How was the meeting?
Great.
What about you?
- Good.
- Yeah?
Yes, very good.
We need to make it quick.
- I have 15 minutes.
- I have five.
- I have to go to work.
- Okay.
Hang on.
- We can call him Rafa.
- What?
We can call the baby Rafa.
After Rafa Nadal.
His school pals will be able to
say,
"Come on, Rafa".
But first,
you have to get me pregnant,
right?
Okay.
- I'm coming! I'm coming!
- Honey!
We've made Rafa with this one,
huh?
They shot out like a smash hit.
You're the best.
Love you.
Bye.
Come on, come on.
Picasso.
Look how incredibly realistic
the wrinkle is on the throat.
First time I saw it I said,
"Crap, it's my granddad."
We've placed Dalí
next to Velázquez,
because maybe you don't know
this,
but Dalí was a big fan of
Velázquez.
What a pity they're made of wax
and can't talk and stuff.
Come here, Sebas.
I'd like to introduce Sebas.
He's one of the wax museum
artists.
You'll be amazed when you hear
how he made Justin Bieber's
fringe.
What? No...
What?
Home owner!
What are you doing here?
Gustavo has left me.
What?
Gustavo left me.
Jesus!
Let's see...
- Look, yellow! Here, Gari!
- Thanks.
Here.
This will look perfect.
How's it going, Genaro?
Are the rugrats behaving?
I'm gonna hire them.
They can help me
in the porter's lodge.
- Need a hand?
- Yes, thanks.
- Know what I'm going to bring
now?
- What?
- More light bulbs!
- Cool!
What's up, Martina?
What's wrong?
Great!
Oh, Mummy's phone is ringing.
Let's see...
What's up, Javier?
How are you fixed?
My cake!
Hang on just a second, Javier.
Gari.
Could you pay the cake guy?
It was 25 and a bit.
Make it 27.
- 27.
- He has to give you back 23.
- 27. 23.
- That's it.
- Okay.
- Great. Thanks.
Hiya!
I'm listening, Javier.
The cake, Mummy!
You have to charge 27.
Hang on.
Let's see if I have change.
Look.
Twenty in notes, and the
coins...
I'll take that...
23.
It's 23 euros.
Yeah. Just a second, okay?
Twen.. twen...
Okay, it's fine.
- Okay, bye.
- The cake.
- There you go.
- Okay. Bye.
Crap, I don't think I have
clean towels.
Well, I'll do a wash later.
Whatever.
If you're hungry,
there's food in the fridge.
And cheer up, huh?
You did the right thing coming
here.
Gustavo is a jerk.
Do you think I'm a strict
person?
What?
Am I a strict person?
Gustavo says I am.
No.
Not strict.
So what am I like?
Fussy.
Fussy, how?
You're a bit finicky.
It's not the same thing.
Don't beat yourself up.
You are who you are, end of
story.
And what am I like?
I want to know. Really, tell me.
You're my sister, it's fine.
Can you hand me that box
with poodles on it?
Thanks.
Go ahead, tell me.
Well...
I don't know.
When I started clubbing.
Do you not remember?
You wrote the bus times on my
arm
with a permanent marker
- so I wouldn't get home late.
- I was worried about you.
You're my little sister,
it should be the other way
around.
That's not being fussy,
that's being a responsible
person.
What about your hair?
What about my hair?
You've never changed it.
Since you were eight.
You've never improvised.
Not even a plait, a hair pom
pom.
Nothing, zilch.
Right.
Hey...
It's all right.
You're fantastic.
And if Gustavo doesn't like you,
screw him.
What if I don't like myself?
What are you doing?
Come on, stop it.
Don't start washing up, I'll do
it.
What are you doing?
Look.
Man!
Fucking brilliant! I love your
pussy power!
Come on, cut off more!
Cut off more.
Oh, my God, what the...!
Awesome!
You go, girl! Love your pussy
power!
I cut my hair!
I cut my hair.
You're totally crazy!
I'm crazy.
- And I'll do really crazy
stuff.
- Go for it!
I'm going to be untidy.
Not shower.
- Not go to work.
- Get laid!
Yes, go out partying.
- Yeah!
- Get laid, sing!
I'm going to dance, do drugs!
I'm going to do drugs!
Where's your stash of drugs?
Where is it?
No, no...
You've had a real tough day,
María,
it'll make you feel sick.
- What's this? Cocaine?
- Easy.
- No, it's not.
- What is it?
Heroin?
What do you mean heroin?
- It's M.
- What's M?
MDMA.
- The love drug.
- Love? I want it.
You want to go to a kids' party
wired?
Yes, I do.
I'm not in the mood for kids.
- What if you have a bad trip?
- No.
Do I have to dissolve it in
water?
No, suck your finger
and stick it in the sachet.
Just a little bit, okay?
Just a little bit, I said!
Idiot, you'll feel like crap!
It's all right!
- No, it'll be fine. Want some?
- You're gonna get sick!
All right, then.
- You did drugs.
- How long does it take?
María, María.
You're super special.
Whoever loves you will have
to accept you and your
obsessions.
María.
You and your obsessions.
María, María.
What are you doing here?
It's my party.
What do you reckon to this?
It's great here.
We'll throw the next party here.
Well, we'll see.
Don't get your hopes up.
You did a great job with this
party.
I don't make as much effort.
- It got a bit out of hand.
- Hey, we won't complain.
Did you hang up the small flags?
No, Genaro the caretaker helped
me.
- And the gardener, too.
- Awesome.
Hey, Gari.
You're done with that, right?
Yeah, nearly done.
Nearly done?
Come with me, then.
I have something for you.
Okay.
Do you sell many paintings?
Well...
Right now it's a subject that...
It's worthy of discussion.
Why?
- Art versus commerce.
- Sure.
What's the most important thing
for you guys: pure creative art
or public acknowledgement?
Pure creative art always, right?
It's like...
- It's pure.
- Sure.
Sure!
Do you use Instagram?
My niece is an illustrator,
she sells loads of work on it.
- Really?
- Yes.
She has over 50,000 followers.
Wow!
She's called Cactus Girl.
I don't like social media much.
I don't feel comfortable, you
know?
I paint on canvas.
- Oh!
- Sure, I exhibit...
I love your scarf.
- Is it cashmere?
- Yes.
It's "catch me".
- Catch...
- "Catch me"!
Oh, now I get it!
To my retirement.
- More?
- More.
I'm gonna get drunk, Genaro.
I'm glad to have met you.
Me too, Genaro.
Down in one.
Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday, dear Paula!
- What's up? You're acting
weird.
- What?
- What did you do to your hair?
- Kids!
- Who fancies a painting class?
- Me!
In you all go, then.
Come in, inside.
Hey, your friend Marta...
- Straight.
- Sure?
They're having a great time.
Thanks.
- Just wait for the painting
class.
- Sure.
We can have a few gins later,
right?
Yes, absolutely.
G&Ts now!
Okay, if you help me clear up.
- Okay?
- Right.
- I'm so wired!
- Me too.
- Anything else?
- A chair and that's it.
- Don't worry, I'll tidy it up
later.
- Okay.
Let's go dance, pick up people.
Dancing and pulling.
And pulling too.
- I have a class.
- Whatever, let's go.
I'm all flexible.
I can feel my skin.
Embrace how you feel, embrace
it.
- I don't know...
- My finger tastes great.
Lick yourself. Touch yourself.
You're gonna freak out.
Feel the greenness.
Go to the castle...
Connect with nature, you'll flip
out.
I really mean it.
Feel the greenness.
I'll come back for you.
Guys!
Pablo!
Where are you?
What a pity, you're going to
miss it.
Well, actually, you're missing
it.
She loved it.
Yes.
Gotta go, Esther's giving
a painting class. Catch you
later.
Yes, sure. See you in a while.
Don't worry.
Hi.
What's your name?
Gari.
Gari!
Like GariGrant.
You smell so good.
Can I hold you?
What?
Can I kiss you?
Why do you write in English,
Cactus Girl?
Here, I cleaned them.
Doesn't this drawing
look like a real piece of shit
to you?
No.
Cris, can you fix me one of your
G&Ts
with thingies in it?
What's this?
Vitamins.
No.
- They're not vitamins.
- They are.
Why are you taking the pill?
Hiya!
Any cake left?
- Hi, honey!
- Wow, what's this!
What's Frida Kahlo doing here?
An autograph, please.
- How are you, man?
- Hi.
You're prettier, you know?
You don't have a unibrow.
- You okay?
- Fine.
Relieved.
Finally finished that car
campaign.
That's why I couldn't get away.
No worries.
Put the girls to bed, okay?
No, that's not enough.
You two stay here, have your
girl talk. Don't touch a thing.
My surprise! My surprise!
Look, this is from your mum...
Hey, Martina is sleeping.
Check out this cool motorbike.
What do you reckon?
- How does it work?
- No, we'll try it out tomorrow.
- Yeah!
- Just one thing...
I saw María in the bouncy castle
and she looked a bit out of it.
Because she took a lot of
vitamins.
Yeah, the doctor prescribed them
for this party.
Say goodbye.
- Bye.
- See you tomorrow.
Give me those vitamins, boy!
Give me the vitamins.
What's up with María?
Mery!
- How many G&Ts have you had?
- About four... Not so many!
Why would she be there?
I don't believe she's in the
castle.
- Yes, she is!
- Look at her.
Mery!
What are you doing there?
Have you been here all the time?
Careful, Esther, careful.
You're so rough.
How do you feel?
Hungover.
No, I mean about Gustavo.
I bet it's nothing.
Tomorrow you'll talk and sort it
out.
Doesn't look that way.
I wanted to start a family and
stuff,
but...
Well, that's that.
I won't have kids.
But I wanted to.
I don't have many eggs left.
Hold on.
No, I don't have many eggs left.
- They said I can freeze some.
- Just chill out.
You're coming down off the M.
You get super analytical,
you think a lot.
What?
Did you come to my daughter's
party
on drugs?
She did too.
Jesus, what a snitch you are!
I don't believe it.
You two are the bloody worst.
Seriously?
- Seriously?
- You take the pill in secret.
What?
The pill?
What about having another kid?
Know what your sister did?
Spent all afternoon
hassling Marquitos's mum.
She's been dying to eat pussy
since she got her period.
You wish!
Hurrah!
Pour it nice and slowly.
- Here's to our new lives.
- To us.
We're gonna kick ass!
What's going on? It's sinking!
What's happening?
- Jesus!
- It's falling on top of us!
7 WEEKS LATER
There it is.
The size of a lentil.
When was your last period?
A month and half ago, almost
two.
Well, you're seven weeks
pregnant.